f humanity how easy you
conduct
how easy you people are on magic
large numbers
all these 16 20 24 megapixels these 5
10x zoom and so beckon and the price of
them so attractive not these
small numbers Zazie 35 May 6 for what
who cares aperture
the more the better right at the very
on the contrary
or here is the size of the matrix but then yes
the more the better but confused on the net
one to two integer notation
tenth to understand something like this
manufacturers enjoys and often
save on the dimensions of the matrix and luminosity
Lens let's say would come to the Crimea
and wanted to shoot a tank at sunset
in the distance and kind of and became flat and
stabilization turned osinki anyway
blurry and without a tripod and all
because it is not enough luminosity
do buy a system camera or and
SLR miss lenses or hire
a slave so that he is always dragged behind you or
ask a guy if you're a girl like
it turned out not at all for is forgotten
olympus whi
one new ultrazoom high-end class with
aperture 2 and 8 on everything in the segment
focal length was once
panasonic with the same constantly
luminous but his matrix was
the size of the points looks like new
like a miniature film camera very
similar to the younger mirrorless M10 and
not only externally but also technological
it is made in durable metal
rough painted housing
holding the stylus alone is not as convenient as
some photic series trailer with
massive grip well for compactness
You can donate this to the last
time olympus began to take care of
bad memory users and instead
conventional caps on the lens are installed
curtains that do not need to be removed before
filming by the way despite this
additional
the tic element turns on the camera
quickly in less than a second
corrugated ring objectively here is not for
decorations it is quite legitimate and
responsible for various shooting parameters in
depending on the mode being essentially
one of the discs by the way its very convenient
use for manual focus
there is a duplicate to the right of the lens
zoom lever which is convenient
use when videotaping
the zoom speed is set to
Separately above the lift button
built-in flash the flash itself is pretty
so low when
macro shot shadows appear there are also
hot shoe so you can connect
and an external flash to the left of the lens
programmable button switch
to install quick access to
various parameters above lamp
autofocus backlight turns on the camera
a small button on top is near
read the same video button
the main thing is not to confuse and in pursuit of
the plot does not turn off sochi on camera like
and m10
this camera has a wonderful three
inch screen with a higher resolution
million points and wide viewing angles
it is also equipped with an inclined mechanism
also the stylus one inherited
high quality electronic
viewfinder with resolution almost one and a half
million points
it completely duplicates the functions of the main
screen allows you to correctly evaluate
plot when shooting in bright sunshine under
there are two interfaces on the side
branded usb port and microchip battery
capacity of 1000 150 milliampere hours
just enough for 230 shots pretty
little though if you use more
viewfinder that can be as catty 300
anyway the spare battery is not
interfere with the size of the matrix here is one to 1.7
inches a resolution of only 12 megapixels
but do not listen to those who say that they have
The phone is better because it is 16
years 20 megapixels watched in that
bulk sensors soap dish
smartphones has a significantly smaller
area and be there at least 50 megapixels
Such a detail as in the stylus one is not
will be the main thing this skill is good
process the photo and in this regard u
Olympus thanks to the processors corpse
corpse
dead end in this case 6 generations all
very good and there is also technology with
name starts with the second and so on
anyone will shoot better than others
Now the essence of technology is
first of all in high
performance with insufficient
standard superzoom coverage and give
noisy picture already with iso 800
and the stylus even has iso 1600
working sensitivity is not worth it
forget and about rock support with him you
get a lot more opportunities when
image processing home
The feature of this camera of course became
the lens is assembled from ultra thin glue
low and dispersed lenses coated
zero through which achieved
impressive performance for pretty
modest size hope good glue
for example at the moment the focal length
varies from 28 to 300 millimeters
providing nearly 11 multiple approximations
Of course craters on the moon consider
difficult but less distant objects
will be sharp even if you shoot them
in the evening it is all thanks to a small
extracts which will provide aperture of 2 and
8 throughout the focal length segment
sharpness is good at any focal and
even with a fully open aperture but
the ideal in this world is just me so there is
slight flaw in optical
systems decent amount
chromatic aberrations yes such
purple halos around small details
for example branches that are not cleaned
programmatically in the lens also have
stabilization system which is not less
important for image clarity usually with
compact cameras are quite difficult
achieve a blur background when shooting
portraits as it requires large
focal lengths or holy ones
lenses but here stealth excelled in it
just combining both that is why
already on 100 millimeters it will turn out very
a pleasant bokya is probably the only thing
than this camera is inferior to most
compacts so it is in possibilities
macro photography
she can focus starting at five
centimeters from the object while
other cameras almost closely
taking pictures still in the lens
very small but very proud detail
not
real light filter it allows
increase exposure for different species
artistic shooting and just
taking pictures in a very bright sun
fotik allows you to shoot up to 25
images grew at 7 frames
per second really come on legitimate din and
each DSL is so able to focus
also pretty fast and no complaints
causes
Wi fi here with standard
video functionality writes something with
Full hd resolution with standard
30 frames per second
picture quality is quite good lower
resolution, you can shoot videos with
up to 240 frames per second for
slow motion sometimes
It turns out very funny at olympus
turned out excellent compact
the camera is light and fast and versatile
it will suit beginners thanks
clear interface
as well as her ability is enough for
she has practically no professionals
disadvantages for the exception, perhaps prices with
the other side
any of mirrorless ones with the same
a set of optics will cost more
by the way today is the eighth of March and you could
I have to make you some small
present for example if you are not
subscribed to another channel then subscribe
or like this video still could me
leave some nice ones
comments I would be very pleased a
if you are a girl then congratulations to you and
I wish you a good bright peaceful spring